---
title: Why Pronouns?
author: cass
author_profile: true
excerpt: "This year at NAACL, pronouns matter for inclusion."
tags:
  diversity
  inclusion
  pronouns
categories:
    blog
---
This year at NAACL, we are asking for information about your pronouns on
the registration form because we think this is an important aspect of
being an inclusive community. Since we are one of the first conferences
to make pronouns a printed portion of the conference badge, this may
feel like a major change, so we are using this blog post to elaborate on
our reasoning and explain the importance of using someone's *stated*
pronouns when talking about them.

<a href="/assets/images/pronoun-blog/badge.png"><img class="align-right" alt="example badge with pronouns" title="click to zoom" src="/assets/images/pronoun-blog/badge-thumbnail.png"/></a>

The reason for including pronouns on your badge is to ensure that
everyone is referred to appropriately. Just as everyone has a name,
everyone has pronouns. For me personally, I use the pronouns she/her and
I would be hurt if someone used pronouns like he/him to refer to me.
Using the wrong pronouns is just like calling someone the wrong name â€“
I would also feel hurt if someone called me "Alex" even though I go by
Cassie. The general idea is, it's unreasonable to expect you to know my
name and pronouns if we've just met, so they appear on my badge (click to zoom) to help you out.

<a href="/assets/images/pronoun-blog/comicpage.png"><img class="align-left" alt="comic page illustrating pronouns" title="click to zoom" src="/assets/images/pronoun-blog/comicpage-thumbnail.png"/></a>

You can't necessarily tell from someone's appearance or name what
pronouns they use. A person who *appears* feminine to you might actually
use he/him or they/them pronouns (or something else like xe/xir). You
may even meet people at the conference whose pronouns have changed since
you met them last year; do your best to use the pronouns they have on
their badge even if you remember using other pronouns with them in the
past.

All this might seem unfamiliar, but it is important to accept a person's
pronouns as a matter of respect. By making a conscious effort to use the
pronouns provided on badges, you can help make the conference more
inclusive. Keep in mind that you are not owed an explanation as to why a
person uses the pronouns they do. If you're ever unsure, you can ask the
other person, "What pronouns do you use?"

To sum up, please respect others at NAACL by using the pronouns they
want you to use when referring to them. By adding pronoun information to
badges, we hope to take the guesswork out of pronoun use and ensure that
everyone is referred to the way they want to be referred to.

At the registration desk when you pick up your badge, there will be a
copy of a wonderful [illustrated book by Archie Bongiovanni and Tristan
Jimerson](https://onipress.com/products/a-quick-easy-guide-to-they-them-pronouns)
that discusses the hows and whys of pronoun use. There is also a wealth
of linguistics research on personal pronouns, including work by [Kirby
Conrad](http://genderfogblog.com/2018/09/03/who-is-they/),
who helped enormously in the framing of this post.

